Build: export READTHEDOCS_CANONICAL_URL variable (#10166)
readthedocs/readthedocs.org: docs/user/reference/environment-variables.rst

    :Example: ``/home/docs/checkouts/readthedocs.org/user_builds/project/envs/version``

.. envvar:: READTHEDOCS_CANONICAL_URL

>     Canonical URL for the version it's currently building.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Canonical base URL for the version that is built.
```

    If the project has configured a :doc:`custom domain </custom-domains>` (e.g. ``docs.example.com``) it will be used in the resulting canonical URL.

>     Otherwise, the default domain will be exposed (e.g. ``.readthedocs.io``)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Otherwise, your project's :ref:`default subdomain <custom-domains:default-subdomain>` will be used.
    
    The path for the language and version is appended to the domain, so the final canonical base URLs can look like this:
```

Author: ```suggestion
    Otherwise, your project's :ref:`default subdomain <custom-domains:default-subdomain>` will be used.
    
The path for the language and version is appended to the domain, so the final canonical base URLs can look like the following examples.```

    :Example: ``https://docs.example.com/en/latest/``
    :Example: ``https://docs.readthedocs.io/ja/stable/``

> 

Reviewer: We should also mention PR builds here?

Author: Added to the examples 👍🏼

    :Example: ``/home/docs/checkouts/readthedocs.org/user_builds/project/envs/version``

.. envvar:: READTHEDOCS_CANONICAL_URL

    Canonical base URL for the version that is built.
    If the project has configured a :doc:`custom domain </custom-domains>` (e.g. ``docs.example.com``) it will be used in the resulting canonical URL.
    Otherwise, your project's :ref:`default subdomain <custom-domains:default-subdomain>` will be used.
    

> The path for the language and version is appended to the domain, so the final canonical base URLs can look like the following examples.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The path for the language and version is appended to the domain, so the final canonical base URLs can look like the following examples:
```

Woops, typical GitHub suggestions to mess up indentation... trying to fix it with GitHub suggestions :see_no_evil:
